clarify DO reset (#6870)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/learning/using-durable-objects.md

To solve this you can either do less work per request, or send fewer requests, for example, by splitting the requests among more instances of the Durable Object.

#### Error: Your account is generating too much load on Durable Objects. Please back off and try again later.

There is a limit on how quickly you can [create new objects or lookup different existing objects](/workers/runtime-apis/durable-objects/#obtaining-an-object-stub). Those lookups are usually cached, meaning attempts for the same set of recently accessed objects should be successful, so catching this error and retrying after a short wait is safe. If possible, also consider spreading those lookups across multiple requests.

#### Error: Durable Object reset because its code was updated.

Refer to [Global Uniqueness](/workers/learning/using-durable-objects/#global-uniqueness). "Reset" in error messages refers to in-memory state. Any durable state that has already been successfully persisted via `state.storage` is not affected.

#### Error: Durable Object storage operation exceeded timeout which caused object to be reset.

> To prevent indefinite locking, there is a limit on how much time storage operations can take. In objects containing a sufficiently large number of key-value pairs, `deleteAll()` may hit that time limit and fail. When this happens, note that each `deleteAll()` call does make progress and that it is safe to retry until it succeeds. Otherwise contact your Cloudflare account team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To prevent indefinite blocking, there is a limit on how much time storage operations can take. In objects containing a sufficiently large number of key-value pairs, `deleteAll()` may hit that time limit and fail. When this happens, note that each `deleteAll()` call does make progress and that it is safe to retry until it succeeds. Otherwise contact Cloudflare support.
```

Minor, take it or leave it. I think PAYGO people will be confused by "account team."

Reviewer 2: Added a link here
